README.md, before:

Quantum Mechanics in Python
======

This is a set of Jupyter notebooks (running python) for use in a Quantum Mechanics class. The material is based on (and in sequence with) Mark Beck's book "Quantum Mechanics: Theory and Experiment" but the notebooks can be used independently and with or without a QM textbook.

These are a mix of in-class activities (organized by Chapter title) or longer lab-length activities ("Lab" title). The labs are numbered in order, and the title corresponds to book chapter titles.

To run interactive versions of these notebooks, please: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/amcdawes/QMlabs/master)

The notebooks make use of the [QuTiP package](http://qutip.org) (Quantum Toolbox in Python). For additional documentation on this requirement, please see the [project page](http://qutip.org). Installation of QuTiP should be handled by your python package manager:

Anaconda (mac/win): `conda install qutip`

Mac/Linux: `pip install qutip`

I personally recommend the [Anaconda Scientific Python Distribution](https://store.continuum.io/cshop/anaconda/) for ease of installation on Windows machines. I use it on Mac OSX as well. Linux package managers (and `pip`) generally make the same type of python package management straightforward but Anaconda (and the conda package manager) can be very useful in Linux as well.

Commit message:

Updated README with slides and video

README.md, after:

Quantum Mechanics in Python
======

This is a set of Jupyter notebooks (running python) for use in a Quantum Mechanics class. The material is based on (and in sequence with) Mark Beck's book "Quantum Mechanics: Theory and Experiment" but the notebooks can be used independently and with or without a QM textbook.

These are a mix of in-class activities (organized by Chapter title) or longer lab-length activities ("Lab" title). The labs are numbered in order, and the title corresponds to book chapter titles.

To run interactive versions of these notebooks, please: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/amcdawes/QMlabs/master)

## Examples:
The file `AAPTWM2018.pdf` contains slides for my talk presented at the AAPT Winter Meeting in 2018. Additionally, a longer version of the talk was presented at PyCon 2017 and is available on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ze-Zzn4TAA&feature=youtu.be&t=2m32s). 

## Installation:

The notebooks make use of the [QuTiP package](http://qutip.org) (Quantum Toolbox in Python). For additional documentation on this requirement, please see the [project page](http://qutip.org). Installation of QuTiP should be handled by your python package manager:

Anaconda (mac/win): `conda install qutip`

Mac/Linux: `pip install qutip`

I personally recommend the [Anaconda Scientific Python Distribution](https://store.continuum.io/cshop/anaconda/) for ease of installation on Windows machines. I use it on Mac OSX as well. Linux package managers (and `pip`) generally make the same type of python package management straightforward but Anaconda (and the conda package manager) can be very useful in Linux as well.
